I really want to see one of this oh my
y'all
I cannot believe the Intel the
casualties on this thing Oh grouse I
honestly want to just skip out on the ad
revenue and put we fly bass we fly idea
totally you don't even look that crazy
thing welcome back do another great
edition of this is way too absurd for me
to not upload starring a whole lot of
randomness and a whole lot of Reaper oh
I gotta break my legs why I was coming
bro what the [__] just happened
I just got dog dog but she's alive yeah
Chet Chet I am so confused and I
survived that how how on God's green
earth did Ella survive that fall he
explained this to me explain this
screenshot she not only survived before
but she had shot me on the way down
explain explain what's all 'add like 30
or 40 feet that she broke that's a fall
she broke with her neck and she she
managed to doe me on the way down
[__] disgusting her own
I need a serious breather after that one
can we just cut to commercial real quick
I need a mint before we start cooking up
the bad guys let's turn off the heat on
some dinner with the sponsor of today's
video blue apron fresh ingredients clear
recipe refrigerated box delivered to
your door that's Louie chickpea pasta
and turkey polonaise was a blast to make
I was sauteing the turkey got the
carrots in there I was whipping I was
sauce and I was smelling boiling water
for no reason I still don't know why I
did that and finish things off with my
patented pasta whip for maximum tomato
sauce distribution and I tell you what
Mauro board that is flavor if I can make
it you can make blue apron has tons of
variety with up to 11 recipes to choose
from each week and you can skip or
cancel at any time all can be made in
under 40 minutes some as quickly as 20
minutes and prices start as low as 749
per serving right now the first 100
people to sign up via the link below
will get $80 off the first four weeks of
blue apron so be sure to check it out
down below and thank you for sponsoring
this video
now that we've had time to let this
travesty committed against me at the
hands of Ella
I think her survival can be explained in
one of three ways one she could have
been using cheat codes because that's an
avid player of Age of Empires 2 I know a
cheat code when I see one I keep it real
chat if you haven't tried to wololo a
sports car in the
before don't talk to me do not did you
never play age of inspires you've never
had a childhood if you didn't play Age
of Empires uh yes every other every
other childhood game can be discounted
because I cannot play the strategy game
that is the only way out of doubt you
use all the Chico's and ancient vampires
you type in how do I turn this on its so
I do a sports car with a laser can you
enter in chat how do I turn this on it
starts you off with convertible sports
car with a dude that looks like this
Stig and he's got a laser can in
rollercoaster tycoon 3 yeah if you
rename the guest to a certain name you
could spawn a dune buggy and just drive
it around like a run people over I'm
waiting Chad I'm waiting for somebody in
Chad to say hey yo so I was just bawling
on SeaWorld Adventure Park tycoons you
know I'm catching fed probably not it
though because to her elite skin lips
could have absorbed the impact of the
fall this is not social commentary on
how female characters should or should
not look I just think it's undeniably
true that her lips are humongous in her
Elliot skin portrait because I'm not
even saying that female character should
or should not look like this it's just
undeniable that she has like a Donald
Duck inflatable raft mouth for three her
most recent buff actually made her into
the Reaper of death it happens Ubisoft
is not a big deal
sometimes you're over buff ops maybe
this time you saw her a little too hard
into a prehistoric dinosaur no no no no
no and it comes to any names don't tell
me the one that doesn't take the cake as
of recent news isn't the new t-rex they
found in Alberta the Reaper of death you
didn't hear about this t-rex they found
in Alberta yeah it's literally called it
the Reaper of death that's a real thing
that's not fake news that's really it's
real right here I mean you don't even
look that crazy beam
dammit look Reaper of death to the media
we chose that a name that embodies what
this Tyrannosaur was as the only known
apex predator in Canada you're saying
mooses didn't exist back then yes I just
feel like 20 50 subs will name it
whatever you give deserves I'll name
this [__] the Reaper of death all right
table D of the night who's gonna name
this dynamic Dino face and the
conversation drifted from their biggest
talking about T Rex's and velociraptors
made me think of the f-22 Raptor and
have an f-22 Raptor just strafe them
immediately with sim rounds so it's not
lethal but they get a firm warning you
know what I mean yes rubber bullets for
my aircraft cannon killer you picture a
dude the flight suit saying man that'd
be great oh he's ready for me too bad I
have an LMG and you jump and you don't
buddy I'm flanking around we're going
around this is trap that is true the
meatballiest badger every time he sees
the hatch yeah we're hitting this flank
the actual bottom was a pit of Spears
yeah we're hitting this flank right now
boy yeah that hatch leads to the bottom
of a mortal combat arena a strafing run
with Sam rounds out of an f-22 Raptor
for Raptors we started talking about
birds that twitch I was trying to
convince me that birds weren't real it
turned into a whole thing imagine I
can't believe the government fabricated
so much evolutionary information to make
us believe that birds actually exist the
pigeons are watching twisters gets
weirder and weirder nowadays it's like
they've run out of things to innovate on
like now you can get channel points just
for watching someone's stream which you
can not only use to kick or ban other
users but stack Evo it's on top of a
modes which is what how do you add
little hands here he's been channel
points to add but no really you can add
the ability to spend those points on
other things like even timing out or
banning other people from chat that's
awesome noble fates has gifted a sub to
enraged pickle jar okay which was capped
by some incredibly bad luck at the hands
of a Nomad ruining what would have been
the world's greatest flag I'm about to
be not loving it oh [__]
you got a McLovin bro I got err jabbed
into the Dali Lama
damn it fellas dammit name name followed
by some incredibly good luck in what
might be the most explosive made I have
ever dropped that's fine fiery inferno I
honestly think I hit two different oil
shields that was so much higher in flame
in that room that was like a perfect
timing martyrdom just as I dropped it
it's right in the movie it just
splattered spaghetti everywhere I'm
still I'm still a little twisted off lol
a shout-out to skulker for enlightening
us about what amigos albums like haha me
ghost
they better drop culture 3 it's gonna be
a bloodbath for them for me goes not the
rap game for me yeah if it's like over
an hour long like coal treaty 27 track
out Middle East punch me in the [__]
face
rip 2 grouse whose own father recently
called him grouse instead of his real
name my dad called me grouse the other
day that was pretty uncomfortable it
ripped to me for not being as cool as
grouse
I mean grass does have like 700 friends
and you play so that's the very best
that I can do with all of these
disparate unrelated topics like the f-22
Raptor and migos and birds not being
real and Age of Empires 2 cheats and
ellas cartoon physics and a dinosaur
being called the Reaper of death like
why these videos just get weirder and
weirder every time regardless I'd like
to thank you so very much for watching
anyways and be sure to tune in next time
when I speedrun animal crossing while
listening to the doom soundtrack
[Music]
[Applause]
SiC the rain
[Music]
to fake